hey guys so this morning I asked you all
on Twitter if there were any good tags
going around and apparently there is a
nail polish obsession tag that's been
going around and as soon as I found that
out I was like this is right up my alley
because I'm totally obsessed with nail
polish so I thought it'd be really fun
to sit down and do it so this tag
includes ten nail polish related
questions and I will go ahead and get
started so question one what's your
favorite nail polish company that would
be OPI and that's that's a hard one for
me to choose but I choose OPI because
they have collections releasing often
and they have a really good variety of
colors now I really really like SE and I
would want to choose se but se well
recently essie's released more of a
variety but usually se is all pastel
creamy colors nothing that exciting and
the SE collection so that's why I didn't
choose se but i do love OPI question to
glitter or no glitter for me I prefer no
glitter glitters fun every once in a
while but i'm not a huge glitter fanatic
however i thought i would show you my
favorite glitter polish anyway and it is
OPI is teenage dream i think this is
just absolutely gorgeous one of the best
glitters I've ever seen so that is my
favorite glitter but usually I'm a no
glitter kind of person i feel like the
glitter trend is so overdone because
they've been releasing glitter now and
like every collection from every line
for like two plus years now and so I'm
kind of getting sick of it so I'm more
of a cream finished girl question 3 OPI
china glaze or SE that would be OPI
because i already talked about that in
question one question for when do you
change your nail polish i have actually
gotten a lot better about letting my
nail polish sit on my nails for a while
there I was painting my nails every
single day or every other day and now
I'm about every other day to every two
days every three days I've gotten a lot
better about just like letting it we're
a little bit but I usually paint my
nails about three times a week I'm just
really OCD about having a fresh shiny
finish on my nails I don't like chips I
don't like even just a dull finish on
the top once the top
where's a little bit so i changed my
nail polish all the time question 5
what's your favorite color on your nails
this is really hard to just choose one
that is my favorite but i think i think
it's se san Tropez because this is such
a classic just creamy nude that makes my
fingers look very like elegant and long
and polished so this is probably my
favorite color to wear just because it
goes with everything too and it's very
flattering question 6 darks or brights
this changes for me throughout the year
if it's spring and summer I definitely
like brights but if it's fall in winter
I definitely like darks like I'm wearing
today I don't usually would like wearing
something super super dark in the spring
or something super super bright in the
winter question 7 what are you wearing
on your nails right this moment I am
wearing se dive bar which is just such a
cool color this is one of their colors
that they've released that is quite a
bit different that I really like to see
from them but it's like a blue purple
green duochrome color it's really really
cool and I love the way that it looks on
my nails I mean this is from their dive
bar collection I believe that's what the
name of it was and they have a bunch of
colors kind of like these question 8
Matt nails in or out out I do not
understand the matte nail trend is just
totally not my style maybe for other
people but definitely not for me just
because I like my nails to be so glossy
and shiny that I can like see my
reflection in them so I don't understand
why you would ever choose matte nail
polish at least for me so okay so
question 9 is just French manicure with
a question mark I'm assuming that is do
you like a French manicure I think
French manicures look really really nice
i think that they make the nails just
look so classic and professional and
sophisticated I'm so yes I'm definitely
a fan of French manicures actually have
one on my toes right now question 10
what is your favorite winter color that
would be one that I've talked about a
ton in videos and it is OPI just a
little rusty at this this is one that I
bring out every fall and we're all the
way through the winter and it just is
beautiful ok well that's the entire tag
I have an idea that this video is going
to be pretty quick but please
do this if you would like to i tagged
you to do it and if you have done this
posted as a video response so that I can
see what your answers to these questions
are and that is everything so thank you
for watching and I will see you later